It was announced today that they discovered an entirely new pyramid in Egypt,
outside of chiro, not far from the bent pyramid in Dacher Egypt.
Now the information about this site is very limited.
Every source that I could find only provided four photos of the entire site
and the all claim that it's approximately 3,700 years old,
but yet they have zero sources or any type of evidence to back that up
whatsoever. The information is pretty much limited to that.
And as you can see on these articles that I screenshotted here,
that's literally all the information that they provided.
They know that they found an inner corridor.
They know that they found a stone plaque of some kind with 10 hi lye on it,
but they have zero evidence whatsoever of how old it is, who made it. And when,
and in this video,
I'm gonna show you definitive evidence in the case of the great Finks,
as an example,
that proves that the true age of these megalithic sites are far older than
we were ever taught in school. And that what the textbooks currently state.
Now you've seen all these photographs, literally, that's all that we have of it.
And I scoured the internet for as much information as I could.
But then we take this opportunity to share with you actual photographs of the
enclosure of the great Finks,
which according to Egyptologists and the minister of antiquities of Egypt,
which provided us the same information on this newly found pyramid also
claims that the,
the greats FIS is approximately 4,500 years old yet despite more
than 200 professional geologists from around the world that have visited the
site clearly state that there is absolute definitive evidence of
water erosion around the enclosure of the S Finks. Now, when Thesys was found,
it had been buried for some say thousands of years,
and there is evidence of wind erosion on the limestone of the great Finks that
you can see here. However, around the enclosure,
the evidence of the limestone water erosion is overwhelming. And, and in fact,
you can even look for evidence on your own on Google images of examples of
limestone with wind erosion versus water erosion.
And you can see with your own eyes that, yeah,
literally it is absolutely water erosion yet. Here's the kicker.
The last time that the Nile Delta received rainfall that could have made this
type of erosion was more than 7,000 years ago.
That's closer to double the age of what they're telling us about the great
Finks. So it doesn't compute.
And quite literally the evidence is overwhelming that the age of the great Finks
and other megalithic sites from around the world are far older than what we're
being taught yet. Despite the overwhelming evidence,
mainstream science archeology, just completely disregards and,
and ignores the subject altogether. Does else else wonder why that is?
Does anyone else wonder how they come up with the figure of a buried,
newly found pyramid to just be 3,700 years old?
There's no date on the site guys, like how do they come up with that?
And if you study the subject on your own and utilize discernment,
you will see that. Well, everything's just based on theories.
And the overwhelming.
Evidence concludes that these theories have been debunked.
I'll be sure to make another video as more information comes to light on this
newly discovered pyramid. And I have many videos on this subject as well.
Anyways, guys, I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
Like can subscribe, help me spread the message.
And I have many other videos and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care of everybody. All.